Docs/en/InstallationInstructions_en.md, before:

# Installation instructions

The following operating systems are supported:

1. [Windows](#windows)
2. [Android](#android)

## Windows

>[!NOTE]
>No installation program is provided for Z2X programmer during the beta phase. Only the files from the ZIP archive need to be unpacked.

### Supported Windows versions
* Windows 11

### Step 1: Download the Z2X-Programmer installation files
The Z2X-Programmer installation files are currently provided in the form of a ZIP archive. This ZIP archive can be found in the `Releases` section of the following GitHub page:

[https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer)

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-Releases.png)

To install the Microsoft Windows version, first select the desired version (release) and then download the following ZIP archive to your Windows PC:

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-SelectZIPArchive-Windows.png)

### Step 2: Create a folder for Z2X programmer
Now create a new folder for Z2X-Programmer. For example `C\Users\YourName\Z2X-Programmer`.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure that you do not create the new folder in a protected windows folder.

### Step 3: Unpacking the ZIP archive
Unpack the ZIP archive into the newly created folder.

### Step 4: Start
Start the Z2X-Programmer.exe file.

![Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-DoubleClickZ2XExe.png)

### Step 5: Installing the .NET Desktop Runtime (optional)
If the .NET Desktop Runtime is missing on your system, it must be installed. The following dialog appears:

![.NET Runtime installation](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-InstallNetDesktopRunTime.png)

After clicking on `Download it now`, your browser will open. Download the .NET Desktop Runtime from the Microsoft webpage and install it on your system.

![.NET Runtime installation finished](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-NetDesktopRunTime.png)

Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe file again.

![Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-DoubleClickZ2XExe.png)

>[!NOTE]
> If you did not reboot your PC after the installation of the .NET Desktop Runtime it may happen that you have to start Z2X-Programmer.exe twice.

### Step 6: Accept the license agreement

![Accept the license agreemen](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-LicenseAgreement.png)

The installation is now complete.

## Android

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Only landscape format is currently supported.

### Step 1: Enable the installation of unknown apps on your Android device

### Step 2: Download the Z2X-Programmer installation files
The Z2X-Programmer installation files are currently provided in the form of a ZIP archive. This ZIP archive can be found in the `Releases` section of the following GitHub page:

[https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer)

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-Releases.png)

To install the Android version, first select the desired version (release) and then download the following ZIP archive to your Android device:

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-SelectZIPArchive-Android.png)

### Step 3: Extract the APK file

### Step 4: Run the APK file

### Step 5: Start the application
![Start the application](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidIcon.png)

### Step 6: Accept the license agreement
![Accept the license agreement](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidAcceptLicense.png)

The installation is now complete

Commit message:

[DOCU] The Android-specific installation instructions have been updated

Docs/en/InstallationInstructions_en.md, after:

# Installation instructions

The following operating systems are supported:

1. [Windows](#windows)
2. [Android](#android)

## Windows

>[!NOTE]
>No installation program is provided for Z2X programmer during the beta phase. Only the files from the ZIP archive need to be unpacked.

### Supported Windows versions
* Windows 11

### Step 1: Download the Z2X-Programmer installation files
The Z2X-Programmer installation files are currently provided in the form of a ZIP archive. This ZIP archive can be found in the `Releases` section of the following GitHub page:

[https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer)

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-Releases.png)

To install the Microsoft Windows version, first select the desired version (release) and then download the following ZIP archive to your Windows PC:

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-SelectZIPArchive-Windows.png)

### Step 2: Create a folder for Z2X programmer
Now create a new folder for Z2X-Programmer. For example `C\Users\YourName\Z2X-Programmer`.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure that you do not create the new folder in a protected windows folder.

### Step 3: Unpacking the ZIP archive
Unpack the ZIP archive into the newly created folder.

### Step 4: Start
Start the Z2X-Programmer.exe file.

![Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-DoubleClickZ2XExe.png)

### Step 5: Installing the .NET Desktop Runtime (optional)
If the .NET Desktop Runtime is missing on your system, it must be installed. The following dialog appears:

![.NET Runtime installation](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-InstallNetDesktopRunTime.png)

After clicking on `Download it now`, your browser will open. Download the .NET Desktop Runtime from the Microsoft webpage and install it on your system.

![.NET Runtime installation finished](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-NetDesktopRunTime.png)

Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe file again.

![Run the Z2X-Programmer.exe](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-DoubleClickZ2XExe.png)

>[!NOTE]
> If you did not reboot your PC after the installation of the .NET Desktop Runtime it may happen that you have to start Z2X-Programmer.exe twice.

### Step 6: Accept the license agreement

![Accept the license agreemen](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-LicenseAgreement.png)

The installation is now complete.

## Android

> [!CAUTION]
>Only landscape format is currently supported.

> [!CAUTION]
>At least Android 9 is required.

> [!CAUTION]
>The minimum resolution is 1920 x 1200 pixel.

### Step 1: Enable the installation of unknown apps on your Android device
Due to security concerns, Android prevents the installation of apps that are offered via APK files by default. In order for Z2X-Programmer to be installed via APK file, this security function must be deactivated on the Android device. Deactivating this security function varies from manufacturer to manufacturer. Please refer to the manual of your device for detailed instructions.

> [!NOTE]
> It is planned that Z2X-Programmer will be made available via the Google Appstore in the future. The prerequisite is that the current beta phase is successfully completed.


### Step 2: Download the Z2X-Programmer installation files
The Z2X-Programmer installation files are currently provided in the form of a ZIP archive. This ZIP archive can be found in the `Releases` section of the following GitHub page:

[https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer)

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-Releases.png)

To install the Android version, first select the desired version (release) and then download the following ZIP archive to your Android device:

![Releases section](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-GitHub-SelectZIPArchive-Android.png)

### Step 3: Extract the APK file
![Start the application](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidExtractAPK.png)

### Step 4: Run the APK file

![Run the APK file](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidRunAPK.png)

![Allow the installation](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidAllowInstallation.png)

![Start the installation](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidStartInstallation.png)

### Step 5: Start the application
![Start the application](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidIcon.png)

### Step 6: Accept the license agreement
![Accept the license agreement](https://github.com/PeterK78/Z2X-Programmer/blob/master/Docs/en/Assets/Z2X-Programmer-AndroidAcceptLicense.png)

The installation is now complete
